go on man don't you know ninety percent
of plastic bags go to the landfill bring
a lunch box green man's right ninety
percent of plastic bags made either end
up in the landfill by the Great Pacific
Garbage Patch I know may not see in that
bad but look it's twice the size of
Texas so that means that only ten
percent of plastic is recycled properly
also thousands of marine sea life every
day are in danger of becoming victim to
this phenomena now you may think that
the brown paper bag is the next best
thing which it is but do you know that
nearly four billion trees are cut down a
year for these paper bags in reality the
best solution for this issue is just to
bring a reusable lunch box it may not be
cool but it's the right thing to do can
our cuz they're easy to throw away yeah
cycle you can recycle ease man end up in
the landfill government alright
Montgomery lunch box cuz there jorginho
in Hazzard
who has lunch yeah I I want but no I
would bring what I should bring okay oh
hey um I actually got to go talk to
green man real quick here Bobby I'm just
here I've gotten too many complaints by
your aggressive behavior I mean you're
doing your job too well all right and I
love but you know it's a school all
right so two things first because of
employee agreement you're required to
take a vacation so I'm gonna need to
Catalina Island for a week vacation on
your vacation hey it's all right sorry
it's okay all right the other thing is
because of your aggressive behavior
we're gonna hire a counselor to fix it
up all right but I love my lover work
he's doing all right vacation are you
kidding me I don't need no vacation Oh
Oh another thing cow slit anger issues
oh god get off it's been good this was
everything chocolate I mean since green
and pink on I mean it's a real
to work to just plain weird
groups
e
you can't just cut cheese wherever you
please that's not a problem way to
dispose of your waist that's nasty oh
and another thing I'm back dreamin